# python-challenge
python-challenge module 3 hw assignment

Hello!
This repository includes analysis summary for two data sets. 
1. PyBank (financial analysis)
2. PyPoll (election analysis)


---- PyBank (financial analysis) ----

In the Pybank analysis we seek to show the financial summary of a company. 
With this analysis we can show the profits & Losses over the timeframe of the data set. 
The program included will read the data from the budget_data.csv provided in (PyBank->Resources). 

In the Pybank directory launch the main.py file and run the code. This will produce the analysis in the terminal and write them to a new text file which will be stored in the Analysis folder (Pybank->analysis->budget_analysis.txt)

----PyPoll (election analysis)----

In the PyPoll analysis we seek to show the winner of an election from Colorado.
With this analysis we can calculate to vote totals and percentages for each candidate in the election. The data from the election is provided in the election_data.csv file located in (Pypoll-> Resources)

In the PyPoll directory launch the main.py file and run the code. This will produce the election results in the terminal and write them to a new text file which will be stored in the Analysis folder (PyPoll->Analsysis->election_analysis.txt)


----Credits----

Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

Code written By Cody Allison 2023 as part of Washington University in Saint Louis/edX Boot Camp for Data Analytics.
